### 什么是垃圾回收机制？
> A garbage collector is responsible for
> - allocating memory
> - ensuring that any referenced objects remain in memory, and
> - recovering memory used by objects that are no longer reachable from references in executing code.

### 如何进行垃圾回收？
> The task of fulfilling an allocation request, which involves finding a block of unused memory of a certain size in
++the heap++, is a difficult one. The main problem for most dynamic memory allocation algorithms is to ++avoid
fragmentation++ (see below), while keeping both ++allocation and deallocation++ efficient.

### 什么时候进行垃圾回收？
>  Space is commonly allocated from a large pool of memory referred
to as the heap.

> The timing of garbage collection is up to the garbage collector. Typically, the entire heap or a subpart of it is
collected either when it fills up or when it reaches a threshold percentage of occupancy.

### 如何优化垃圾回收？
- **Throughput（吞吐量）**—the percentage of total time not spent in garbage collection, considered over long
periods of time.
- **Garbage collection overhead**—the inverse of throughput, that is, the percentage of total time spent in
garbage collection.
- **Pause time**—the length of time during which application execution is stopped while garbage
collection is occurring.
- **Frequency of collection**—how often collection occurs, relative to application execution.
- **Footprint**—a measure of size, such as heap size.
- **Promptness（及时性）**—the time between when an object becomes garbage and when the memory becomes
available.

### 参数说明
#### heap size
- not server-class machines
    - the client JVM
    - the serial garbage collector
    - Initial heap size of ++4MB++
    - Maximum heap size of ++64MB++
- server-class machine
    - Initial heap size of ++1/64th++ of the physical memory, up to 1GB. (Note that the minimum initial heap size
is 32MB, since a server-class machine is defined to have at least 2GB of memory and 1/64th of 2GB is
32MB.)
    - Maximum heap size of ++1/4th++ of the physical memory, up to 1GB.
#### Select a Different Garbage Collector
- –XX:+UseSerialGC
- –XX:+UseParallelGC
- –XX:+UseParallelOldGC
- –XX:+UseConcMarkSweepGC
#### Evaluate Garbage Collection Performance
- –XX:+PrintGCDetails
- –XX:+PrintGCTimeStamps

### What to Do about OutOfMemoryError
#### Java heap space
> This indicates that an object could not be allocated in the heap. The issue may be just a configuration
problem. You could get this error, for example, if the maximum heap size specified by the –Xmx
command line option (or selected by default) is insufficient for the application. ++It could also be an
indication that objects that are no longer needed cannot be garbage collected++ because the
application is unintentionally holding references to them. 
#### PermGen space
> This indicates that the permanent generation is full. As described earlier, that is the area of the heap
where the JVM stores its metadata. ++If an application loads a large number of classes, then the
permanent generation may need to be increased++. You can do so by specifying the command line
option –XX:MaxPermSize=n, where n specifies the size.
####  Requested array size exceeds VM limit
> This indicates that the application attempted to allocate an array that is larger than the heap size. For
example, ++if an application tries to allocate an array of 512MB but the maximum heap size is 256MB++,
then this error will be thrown. In most cases the problem is likely to be either that the heap size is too
small or that a bug results in the application attempting to create an array whose size is calculated to
be incorrectly huge.

### Tools to Evaluate Garbage Collection Performance
- jmap
- jstat


### 参考链接
- [Memory Management Whitepaper](https://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/tech/memorymanagement-whitepaper-1-150020.pdf)
- [the Java application launcher](https://docs.oracle.com/javase/1.5.0/docs/tooldocs/windows/java.html)